Hello, girls, I'm Marta Miller.
exclusive black range presenter
unique you are asking me a lot
about the new mascara and how the
new application before we had this
not okay with this what happens is that
there were many many false levels that
they copied and now we have a patent
already outstanding own with the new the
again basically has better
ingredients the brush is very much
better the gel you have more control me
love the esther brush then and
it also leads to what is called abiliti
which is one of our products but
It's inside the gel that helps you a lot
what is the health of the eyelashes
then nothing I will tell you how
I use right now I 'm wearing just one made
I do not know if you can see it
I have super short eyelashes and
well at least here I have a tab
thanks to unique then I have what
I use is the mascara and then used
what is the brush to separate the
tabs in the end I'll show you the
way that I do it is pretty
simple I use basically gel water
fiber and then hello again I get
gel in all eyes fibers in only what
what are the little tips and then the stamps
again with the gel, and then with the
brush less brush well if what if you
put many fibers you will appear one
spider is worth it seems you have a
a lot of problems so I'm not going to
show how not to do that what not
you can do is put the fibers in all
the tab because you're going to be left is not going to
look good and you will look like a doll
when you take the gel and we start with the
first tube I have them both
open because you want to go pretty
fast because if it does not dry then what
you remove as well as circular movements
not up and down
then make sure you take it all
all right
This is the gel and what you do is
you will catch from the root to the top
it costs a little here but well I'm going to
try out
and you see how I'm going to rotate what is the
brush
and this brings a little bit of practice
everything when you do it with your mobile
so have patience with me
the dangers here inside
and a little if I do not see it well
wrong now I immediately take what are the
fibers make sure you do not have many
what I do I give a little bit like that
so that I fall
well and I put it just look at what only
I put the tips
it's worth only the tips once then I'm lame
the gel again
and we seal them
wrong
ole
well at least now I have tabs
because I have so
You can see the difference now I
there is then what I'm going to do now is
let it dry a bit and I use what
that has been brushed well and well there are two
the eyebrow that good you use
here like this
and then you have him
the brush that is for wii
he asked me what is for the eyelashes and
what you do is separating
without taking your eye if it was
and tie and I tell you now what am I doing
from your mobile and it costs a little more
Now let's say that you want a little
more exaggerated to me I like natural as well
if you want more
again you take the gel at the tips
and the fiber at the tips do not put it on
much with everything now since you've done
a layer in the second layer only
focus on the tips is worth it
I do very quickly, let's say this eye
I long more good here you do
very fast because I do not like having the
longer in truth I'm bothered by
glasses when in the glasses and they touch me
eyelashes on the glasses so good ya
do you have an idea
but I'll fight you a little bit of simulation
so you see as we would do to
put more
and I repeat all the grace superimportante
is to put
what is the fibers at the tips just
I repeat to me I like more natural but
good
and we find them
sometimes you see
so anything like that is how I eat it
applied I each apply it differently to
girls that you put the dryer me by the
tomorrow if I have to put the dryer
of the eyelashes and I have to comb the
well and I have enough problem
combing it but I know when I had my hair
I lack only the tabs so to me
like it's natural I take care of my eyelashes
much cheaper than extensions if
you have interest my website is juni by
martha dotcom I'm going to put it here
below the video and if you have questions
to work with the team I have a
team I do not have it in the us in mexico in
england we are basically good
here is called the roll a bit and I start
to talk about everything that I would not have to
talk but if you want more information
can you find me on facebook my
name is marta miller
you will see it here written also in the
screen and you can also look for me
through my web page of a marten magnet
dot com
and anything I'm here so much if it's
to work with me on the team as
to buy products ask me is it
that you want come a kiss and thank you
no one